README.md, before:

# how to:
sudo apt install python3 python3-pip samba ffmpeg atomicparsley python3-mutagen 
get runable for yt-dlp: https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp?tab=readme-ov-file#usage-and-options
set up samba (optional)

set up directories accordingly in config.json

# on phone:
get foobar2000 or musicolet
    both are "supported"
    Foobar2000 will automatically split files with timestamps into separate songs
    musicolet needs a seperate txt file for timestamps (which is generated).
        need to enable timestamp file generation in config. also need to tell musicolet to use .LRC file. will auto-apply for each song
set up foldersync with sftp or smb2 to auto copy (recommended sftp)

# on client pc(s):
foobar2000 recommended
get rsync & cwRsync (latter is for windows)
    can sync music over sftp

# common commands:
ffmpeg -i [name].m4a


# features:
download youtube videos as .m4a (ALAC so lossless)
add title, author, album title, tags, and more (year, date)
store a list of authors and tags so if names are very close, it will be stored as the same artist/tag.
    user confirmations for adding new authors/tags

# Notes
    soundcloud works; however, without a soundcloud go subscription, downloads are automatically compressed (and it is easy to tell)
    - I do not plan on implementing this
    - https://www.reddit.com/r/youtubedl/wiki/howdoidownloadhighqualityaudiofromsoundcloud/
    recommended to use opus, but alac & .m4a should also work

# commands:
## download:
### types:
- Default: Song: behaves as expected.
- album_playlist: downloads a playlist into a single file, where each song is timestampped
    - Note: no album cover will be downloaded for this option
    - `/replace thumbnail title:{title} usedatabase:True` should be used after
    - "album" is also valid
- playlist: downloads a playlist, but each song is an individual file inside a sub directory
    - Album covers are downloaded for each song individually
    - Track numbers are excluded if excludetracknumsforplaylist is True

Commit message:

reorganized functions. added default_cover_size config

README.md, after:

# how to:
sudo apt install python3 python3-pip samba ffmpeg atomicparsley python3-mutagen 
get runable for yt-dlp: https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp?tab=readme-ov-file#usage-and-options
set up samba (optional)

set up directories accordingly in config.json

# on phone:
get foobar2000 or musicolet
    both are "supported"
    Foobar2000 will automatically split files with timestamps into separate songs
    musicolet needs a seperate txt file for timestamps (which is generated).
        need to enable timestamp file generation in config. also need to tell musicolet to use .LRC file. will auto-apply for each song
set up foldersync with sftp or smb2 to auto copy (recommended sftp)

# on client pc(s):
foobar2000 recommended
get rsync & cwRsync (latter is for windows)
    can sync music over sftp

# common commands:
ffmpeg -i [name].m4a


# features:
download youtube videos as .m4a (ALAC so lossless)
add title, author, album title, tags, and more (year, date)
store a list of authors and tags so if names are very close, it will be stored as the same artist/tag.
    user confirmations for adding new authors/tags

# Notes
    soundcloud works; however, without a soundcloud go subscription, downloads are automatically compressed (and it is easy to tell)
    - I do not plan on implementing this
    - https://www.reddit.com/r/youtubedl/wiki/howdoidownloadhighqualityaudiofromsoundcloud/
    recommended to use opus, but alac & .m4a should also work
    default cover size can be "250”, “500”, “1200” or None
        *test if it can be other values

# commands:
## download:
### types:
- Default: Song: behaves as expected.
- album_playlist: downloads a playlist into a single file, where each song is timestampped
    - Note: no album cover will be downloaded for this option
    - `/replace thumbnail title:{title} usedatabase:True` should be used after
    - "album" is also valid
- playlist: downloads a playlist, but each song is an individual file inside a sub directory
    - Album covers are downloaded for each song individually
    - Track numbers are excluded if excludetracknumsforplaylist is True
